
Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More - CNET
X
Skip to content
Your Guide
To a Better Future
 Add as a preferred source on Google 
 Open 
 Close 
Your Guide
To a Better Future
AI
Tech
Home
Entertainment
Reviews
Best Products
News
Deals
Search
 Search 
 Close 
AI
AI Atlas
Best AI Image Generators
Best AI Chatbots
Best AI Website Builders
ChatGPT vs. Gemini
Tech
Tech
Mobile
Home Entertainment
VPN
Computing
Services & Software
Gaming
Laptops
Streaming Services
Web Hosting
Home
Home Internet
Home Security
Kitchen & Household
Smart Home
Energy & Utilities
Yard & Outdoors
Smart Plugs
Entertainment
Culture
Internet Culture
Entertainment
Sports
Fashion
Wellness
Nutrition
Fitness
Personal Care
Medical
Mental Health
Cover Stories
Reviews
Best Products
Best VPN Services
Best Web Hosting Services
Best TVs
Best Identity Theft Protections
Best Mesh Wi-Fi Routers
Best Robot Vacuums
Best Smart Locks
Best Phone Plans
Best Printers
Best Laptops
Best Bluetooth Speakers
Best Wireless Earbuds
Best Noise-Canceling Headphones
Best Noise-Canceling Earbuds
Best Home Security Cameras
Best Outdoor Home Security Cameras
Best Video Doorbells
Best Air Purifiers
Best Smart Thermostats
Best Smoke Detectors
Best Phones
News
Deals
 Add as a preferred source on Google 
 Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. 
Tech
 > 
Mobile
 > 
Phones
Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More
Apple's September event is underway, and we're watching the company's new iPhone reveals live.
Mike Sorrentino
, 
Patrick Holland
, 
Dashia Milden
, 
Abrar Al-Heeti
, 
Katelyn Chedraoui
, 
Scott Stein
, 
David Carnoy
, 
Zachary McAuliffe
, 
Tyler Graham
, 
Ajay Kumar
, 
Nelson Aguilar
, 
Lori Grunin
, 
Vanessa Hand Orellana
September 9, 2026, 1:27 pm ET
 16 min read 
Zooey Liao/CNET/Apple
Apple’s “Surprise and shine” Sept. 9 event is underway, and we’re posting all of the company’s new iPhone and Apple Watch announcements live as they hit the stage.
Watch our live coverage below. Following Apple’s announcements, our 
CNET watch party on YouTube will also resume
, recapping and analyzing all the new reveals.
 Sep 9, 2026 1:23 PM ET 
Apple highlights privacy focus and capabilities of on-device Siri
Ajay Kumar
Screenshot by CNET/Apple
You didn’t think you’d get through an Apple event without mention of Siri AI and Apple Intelligence, did you? Some of this was covered during WWDC, but Apple is bringing our attention back to how on-device Siri AI focuses on privacy and security. It can also work across third-party apps and is integrated into the camera app. Naturally, it’s the “most advanced on-device model ever,” in case you had any doubts.
 Sep 9, 2026 1:16 PM ET 
iPhone 18 Pro: More camera, more battery 
Tyler Graham
Screenshot by CNET/Apple
The next generation of Apple handsets is here with the iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max, even if the regular ole iPhone 18 remains absent for the time being. These phones feature minor design tweaks compared to their predecessors, including a shrunken Dynamic Island cutout. Apple touted the iPhone 18 Pro model as an “intelligent personal hub,” which is marketing mambo-jumbo that means it’ll be synced up with Apple Intelligence and the 
newest Siri AI models
.
But what might justify the premium cost of these devices are the A20 Pro chips that power them, alongside bigger batteries and variable-aperture cameras, 
confirming the rumors
 about some of the 
most important features in these phones
.
 Sep 9, 2026 1:14 PM ET 
Tim Cook passes the baton to Apple’s new CEO
Nelson Aguilar
Apple opened its first major event of the John Ternus era with a literal handoff. Tim Cook emerged at the start of the company’s elaborate cinematic intro but stepped away before opening the floor to Ternus as the new CEO.
 Sep 9, 2026 1:06 PM ET 
Apple kicks it off with a fire montage and a very cinematic open for Ternus 
Ajay Kumar
Am I watching a movie? Apple just kicked things off with some dramatic scenes that seem to be inspired by some famous movies, ranging from Westerns, Kurosawa, Fast and the Furious and maybe some Harry Potter. I’m sensing a real hint about camera capabilities and media consumption from this. And… there’s Ternus, so that was his intro. Literally fire.  
 Sep 9, 2026 1:06 PM ET 
Go time on Surprise and Shine
Tyler Graham
Apple’s Surprise and Shine event is officially starting with some electronic beats and a light blue waiting room. There’s even a hazy rainbow in the background, so the vibes are pretty cool heading into the keynote.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:54 PM ET 
Entering the theater
Mike Sorrentino
The stage at the theater in Apple Park just ahead of the Sept. 2026 event.
Patrick Holland/CNET
The CNET team is getting into the theater just minutes before Apple’s event gets started.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:34 PM ET 
What would a variable-aperture iPhone camera lens really offer?
Jeff Carlson
With each new iPhone event, my eyes are glued to what’s changing in the cameras. It’s the ultimate battleground where Apple, Google, Samsung, Xiaomi and others pour billions so we can take better photos more easily with our phones.
This year, the biggest camera rumor is the addition of a variable-aperture lens. In traditional photography, an aperture is a mechanism that controls light and depth – but most standard smartphone cameras rely on a fixed setting, with no aperture at all. What would a variable-aperture feature bring to the iPhone photo experience? I 
explore the options here
.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:32 PM ET 
Samsung wants you to reconsider the iPhone foldable
James Bricknell
With the potential new iPhone foldable set to arrive today, Samsung is trying to entice you away by offering you some savings ahead of the event. The company has knocked $300 off the latest 
Galaxy Fold 8
. I know, I know, we’re here for the iPhone, but if it doesn’t end up tickling your fancy, Samsung is ready and waiting.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:29 PM ET 
The new Apple Watches are revving their engines for a double debut 
Vanessa Hand Orellana
All signs point to Apple releasing two new Apple Watches at its “Surprise and shine” launch event: a Series 12, and an Ultra 4. The Series 12 is to be expected – Apple has launched a new flagship Apple Watch every year since its debut – but the Ultra 4 would be more of a surprise. The Ultra 3 launched just last year, and Apple’s rugged smartwatch hasn’t followed the same annual cadence, with a two-year gap between the Ultra 2 and Ultra 3.
But Apple isn’t one to gatekeep new features, and since both the 2025 Apple Watch Series 11 and Ultra 3 kept the same S10 chip as their predecessors, it makes sense that Apple wouldn’t leave Ultra fans in the lurch with an older processor. Bloomberg’s Mark 
Gurman reports
 that both watches are now in late-stage testing, with faster chips expected for both.
Beyond the processing boost, we’re expecting more modest upgrades: potentially longer battery life from efficiency gains, a larger battery and new health and fitness features. No dramatic changes to the design. One wild card still up in the air for this year: Touch ID, with 
leaked code
 hinting Apple has been testing a fingerprint sensor for the wrist. As for a bigger makeover, Gurman points to more dramatic changes within the next two years.
Read our full 
Apple Watch Series 12 and Ultra 4 rumor roundup
 for everything we’re expecting from Apple’s next watches.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:23 PM ET 
New Apple TV remote, anybody? 
Patrick Holland
One announcement that I’d welcome at the “Surprise and shine” event would be a new Apple TV remote. The current version came out four years ago. 
Code in MacOS 26.7 mentions a new Apple TV box will come with an upgraded Siri Remote, according to a MacRumors 
report
. Maybe it’s a Siri AI Remote, now? Or maybe it’ll have the same 
Find My power as an AirTag
 – the current “find remote” feature is OK at best.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:09 PM ET 
Apple better make the iPhone 18 thicker
Nelson Aguilar
The 
iPhone Air
 is an impressive piece of engineering, sure. At just 5.64mm thick, it’s built around the bold assumption that batteries take up too much space.
Which makes it especially funny that Apple also sells a magnetic battery that makes the phone thick again. Apparently, the missing millimeters are available separately.
Apple says the iPhone Air can give you up to 
27 hours of video playback
, or 40 hours with its MagSafe battery attached. The thicker 
iPhone 17 Pro Max
 gets up to 39 hours all by itself, like a grown-up. These are Apple’s estimates, not a promise of what you’ll get in the real world, but the comparison makes the trade-off painfully obvious.
I recently spent a month traveling through Europe, where my iPhone was simultaneously my boarding pass, train ticket, map, camera, translator, wallet and connection to everyone back home. When the battery dropped to 4% in an unfamiliar city, I wasn’t admiring how elegantly thin my phone was. I was calculating how many more minutes of Google Maps I could afford before I became geographically fucked.
I’m not asking Apple to make the iPhone into a brick either. Add another millimeter or two and use the space for more battery and better cooling. The 
iPhone 17 Pro
 already has a vapor chamber, so Apple clearly understands that a powerful phone also has to deal with the deeply inconvenient laws of thermodynamics.
Apple has proven it can make a remarkably thin phone. We get it. Now make one that stays alive for longer. If that requires a couple of extra millimeters, I would like mine preinstalled, please.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:04 PM ET 
The iPhone Duo, the foldable market and the Apple effect
Tyler Graham
This is a mock-up of what a possible iPhone Fold might look like, according to CNET designer Jeffrey Hazelwood.
Jeffrey Hazelwood/CNET
Despite 
industry analysts’ predictions
 that the foldable phone market could grow by roughly 20% by the end of the year, the flashy phones still haven’t completely caught on in the mainstream. Foldables represented 
less than 2%
 of the global smartphone market in 2025, and many folks still see these phones as a novelty conversation piece. On the surface, it’s easy to question why Apple might even try to bring 
the long-rumored iPhone Duo
 to fruition, at a time when 
only 25% of US adults
 report any interest in buying a foldable iPhone.
But consumer habits often warp around Apple. This is the company that 
reinvented the smartphone
 and gave the entire world of Big Tech a shock when it invigorated the tablet market with the iPad. Hell, I remember a whole bunch of people were angry when Apple 
did away with the headphone jack
 on the iPhone 7 – but despite that well-earned outrage, the first AirPods were a smashing success. Now you can’t escape 
Bluetooth earbuds
.
The fact of the matter is that Apple launching its own foldable might just be what it takes for people to get interested in 
that part of the phone market
, even if public sentiment currently seems wishy-washy about the idea. A brand-new Apple product gets people excited (and loosens up some purse strings).
The iPhone Duo might be just the breakthrough that foldable smartphones need to go mainstream in a big way – another successful example of the Apple effect. On the other hand, the 
rumored price of nearly $2,000
 might kill the excitement this big moment might otherwise generate, leaving the first foldable iPhone another 
victim of RAMageddon
.
 Sep 9, 2026 11:55 AM ET 
Join CNET's pre-Apple Event live show 
Patrick Holland
Zooey Liao/CNET/Apple
Before Apple announces a foldable iPhone, join tech experts from CNET and PCMag  before and after the keynote. CNET Editor-at-Large Bridget Carey and PCMag Executive Producer Iyaz Akhtar join forces in the ultimate tech mashup to steer the mothership through Apple’s keynote. They’ll be joined by tech editors from Mashable and ZDNET, breaking down all the announcements. Tune in on Sept. 9 at 9:30 a.m. PT (12:30 p.m. ET).
 Sep 9, 2026 11:37 AM ET 
Now outside Apple Park
Mike Sorrentino
CNET
And the group’s now just outside Apple Park, joined by PCMag’s Andrew Gebhart.
 Sep 9, 2026 11:32 AM ET 
CNET is heading over to Apple Park
Mike Sorrentino
CNET Editor at Large Bridget Carey, Senior Reporter Abrar Al-Heeti, Director of Content Patrick Holland and Principal Writer Vanessa Hand Orellana with badges for today’s event.
Bridget Carey/CNET
It’s bright and early in California, and our CNET ground team has their blue Apple badges as they make their way to Wednesday’s event. 
 Sep 9, 2026 11:17 AM ET 
Camera-equipped AirPods? That’s a no from me, Big Dawg
Zachary McAuliffe
The AirPods Pro 3.
Apple/CNET
There are a lot of rumors around AirPods equipped with cameras – about 
when Apple will release them
, how the cameras will work and more. And I unequivocally do not care about or want these. 
A 
leaked video
 of the camera-equipped AirPods shows a person looking at a book and a voice saying it can save things for later. You know what else can save the name of a book for later? A notebook. The Notes app that’s already on my iPhone. My own memory (sometimes).
I understand these AirPods could help visually impaired people, and I hope the earbuds work wonders for those folks. But I won’t be buying these. I don’t want cameras in all my things. I already worry about the privacy implications of glasses with cameras, so I don’t want those concerns to multiply. 
 Sep 9, 2026 10:56 AM ET 
Surprise and Shine! Apple’s new CEO is posting bright and early
Tyler Graham
pic.twitter.com/CLu9eRDP5b
— John Ternus (@johnternus) 
September 9, 2026
It’s John Ternus’ first big showing as the CEO of Apple, and he’s starting up Wednesday’s big day on social media with a tease for the company’s event. He made a 
cryptic X post
 featuring a 14-second video where a beam of light illuminates a glossy curved surface. Or maybe that’s a fold… and is that supposed to be a hinge in the middle?
The rumored foldable 
iPhone Duo
 would almost certainly be the most unique device on display if the 
leaks about today’s lineup
 come true, and I reckon Ternus might want to hype it up to kick off his tenure as Apple’s chief executive with a bang.
 Sep 9, 2026 9:41 AM ET 
The Apple Store is now down
Mike Sorrentino
Apple’s online store is now offline ahead of today’s event, which begins at 1 p.m. ET. The store will likely return shortly after, with pages detailing any new products unveiled during the livestream.
 Sep 9, 2026 8:49 AM ET 
AirPods 5 are coming, but the tiny IR cameras might not be?
David Carnoy
The AirPods 5 could look similar to the AirPods 4 (shown) but feature performance upgrades.
David Carnoy/CNET
For months, we’ve been hearing a lot of chatter about Apple potentially releasing a new version of the 
AirPods Pro with tiny infrared cameras
 designed to power new Siri AI visual intelligence features and perhaps recognize hand gestures like 
Apple’s Vision Pro headset
 does. But the latest rumors suggest those new camera-equipped buds may not arrive until 2027. Instead, Apple will just announce new versions of its standard AirPods, the AirPods 5, and a step-up model with active noise-canceling like the 
AirPods 4 with Active Noise Cancellation
. 
Whether the AirPods 5 will include any design changes is unclear, but one would expect them to offer performance upgrades. They may be the first AirPods to be powered by Apple’s rumored H3 chip. 
The 
AirPods 4 with Active Noise Cancellation
 are something of a technological marvel. ANC is a rare feature for 
open earbuds
 because it typically doesn’t work with an open design. As I said in 
my review,
 while the AirPods 4’s ANC isn’t that great compared with the 
AirPods Pro 3
 and other top noise-canceling earbuds from Bose and Sony, the fact that it works at all and is reasonably effective is kind of wild. Apple has had two years to make the ANC even more effective, so I’d expect the AirPods 5 to see some gains on that front, which would be impressive.
I always expected the AirPods 5 to arrive this year, as Apple tends to follow a two-year refresh cycle for its AirPods models. However, I don’t quite know what to believe about the camera-equipped AirPods Pro. Could Apple announce two different AirPods models? That’s certainly possible, though not probable. Either way, we’ll know soon enough.
 Sep 9, 2026 8:00 AM ET 
Will the iPhone's new chip have the M6's Neural Engine?
Lori Grunin
While the 
recent rumors
 point to a seven-core GPU for the flagship A-series silicon, I suspect the new chip will inherit some upgrades from the 
M6 that Apple just launched
 with the Mac Mini. While the M series usually follows in the footsteps of the iPhone’s A-series chips, the reverse might be true this go round.
The M6 notably moved to TSMC’s 2nm process size from 3nm, a step which Apple had 
delayed from last year’s A19
 because of cost. A smaller process size allows for a denser die, which ultimately lets you fit more circuitry in the same size package. In this case, the M6 doubled the size of the Neural Engine, used for the on-device AI processing, from 16 to 32 cores. That’s likely an essential upgrade for decent performance with 
Siri AI
.
 Sep 9, 2026 6:00 AM ET 
It's John Ternus' first Apple event as CEO
Corinne Reichert
John Ternus just 
took over as Apple CEO
 a week ago, on Sept. 1, 
succeeding Tim Cook
 after serving as the company’s senior vice president of hardware engineering. 
While it’s not Ternus’ first appearance at an iPhone event — he introduced the 
iPhone Air
 during Apple’s September 2025 event — it is his first as the chief executive running the show. Whether he’ll have his own flair or present it differently than Cook or Steve Jobs did remains to be seen, but we’re expecting the usual run of events with Ternus just a week into the job.
As the head of the company, Ternus will also be on the hook for any massive price increases we see across the 
iPhone 18 lineup
, even though those will have been decided long before he took the reins. 
Ternus is a “products guy,” coming from a background of mechanical engineering and working his way up the ranks of Apple over 25 years on the hardware engineering side. He worked across many flagship devices, including the 
iPad
, 
AirPods
, 
iPhone
, 
Apple Watch
 and, most recently, the 
MacBook Neo
.
“There is no better person to take the helm of the company,” Cook said in his 
farewell note
 as Apple CEO last week, adding that Ternus is “brilliant and wonderful and capable.”
“Few people understand what it takes to build products that change the world the way John does,” Cook wrote.
Ternus added in his own 
note
 to Apple employees on his first day as CEO that Wednesday’s launch would be “phenomenal” and “huge.” 
“I’m just as excited about what lies beyond that, including the incredible products already in the works and the ones we haven’t even imagined yet that we’ll dream up and create together,” Ternus added.
Cook now serves as executive chair of Apple, so we’re not expecting to see him present any of the new Apple devices on Wednesday.
 Sep 9, 2026 2:14 AM ET 
Apple's first foldable will be called the iPhone Duo
Patrick Holland
An iPhone with a creaseless fold will likely not be cheap.
Zain bin Awais/CNET
It was first nicknamed the iPhone Fold, and then it was going to be 
named the iPhone Ultra
. Now, new rumors just hours before Apple’s Sept. 9 Surprise and Shine event say that Apple’s first foldable phone will be called the iPhone Duo. Look out, Microsoft — your 
Surface Duo
 (a double-screened phone that wasn’t quite a foldable) is about to be properly supplanted.
The iPhone Duo will start at $2,000 with storage options topping out at 2TB for $3,000, according to an 
X post
 by Bloomberg managing editor Mark Gurman. The phone will be announced tomorrow, but not ship until October. The iPhone Duo will be available in dark blue and white.
And there’s good news for stylus fans — the iPhone Duo will support the Apple Pencil.
 Sep 9, 2026 12:57 AM ET 
How iPad will the folding iPhone be?
Scott Stein
Scott Stein/CNET
I’ve reviewed iPads for years, and iPhones for years before that. I often carry both around with me. But will a time come, this year, when I don’t need to? In a world of folding phones, will Apple’s iPhone also be an iPad?
I’m so curious about how Apple positions its expected 
premium folding iPhone
, especially since Apple has years of iPad experience under its belt and a whole ecosystem of iPadOS apps. If the foldable iPhone has the iPad’s passport-size screen aspect ratio is truly similar in size to 
an iPad Mini
, will iPadOS run on it? Or will Apple adapt a new tweener-type ecosystem that’s not entirely iPhone, not entirely iPad?
In short: Would I truly be able to do everything I do on an iPad with the iPhone Fold/Ultra (or whatever the actual name is – there have been rumors of different names)?
If I were to guess, I’d expect it to approach but not truly be an iPad in the same way the iPad 
approaches but isn’t a Mac
. It’s a classic Apple move: A new product that bridges but doesn’t quite replace. The iPad was pitched as a device to bridge the gap between a laptop and your phone. And now we’re in a place where there’s space to fill between a phone and tablet – as Samsung, Motorola, Google and others have found.
Apple also has a chance to think beyond what the iPad is now. And, close a loop. Steve Jobs envisioned an iPad 
before creating the iPhone
, and a folding iPhone could connect the two visions in ways that might fit what was intended all the way back in the first place. I’m just wondering what happens to Pencil-connected and keyboard-ready iPadOS apps with whatever the folding iPhone becomes.
 Sep 8, 2026 11:54 PM ET 
All I want is side-by-side app multitasking, foldable or not
Mike Sorrentino
With app bubbles on Android 17, you can have up to three screens displayed at once.
Kerry Wan/CNET
I’ve been 
waiting years
 for Apple to add side by side multitasking to the iPhone. And thanks to the rumored foldable iPhone, we might actually see it this year. But I’m puzzled why Apple has waited so long to develop this — it’s already available on the iPad, and Android phones of all sizes let you easily run apps side by side.
I just want to be able to open my notes app and calculator at the same time. That’s it. And if iOS 27 debuts this feature for a foldable iPhone and it trickles down to my iPhone 12 Pro Max – that’ll be more than enough to make me happy with this year’s iPhone event.
 Sep 8, 2026 9:30 PM ET 
Siri AI is coming, not a moment too soon
Katelyn Chedraoui
WWDC 2026 gave us a look at new features for iOS and MacOS, an overhaul for Siri and new AI tools. 
Jeffrey Hazelwood/CNET
Driving home from 
the G20 tech forum in Chapel Hill
, I asked Siri to send my friend a text message. (Don’t text and drive, kids.) I didn’t use the exact right words I wanted to, so, per usual, Siri couldn’t understand what I meant and wrote an incoherent text. Hopefully, this is one of the last times I’ll have to deal with Siri screwups, thanks to the upcoming general release of iOS 27 with Siri AI.
We got our 
first glance at Siri AI
 inside iOS 27 at Apple’s June WWDC event. Since then, CNET reviewers have been busy 
testing the public betas
 of the new software. And so far, it seems like the new Siri lives up to the hype. Even my colleague Zach McAuliffe, who’s ignored Siri for a decade, said the revamped digital assistant was 
surprising and “immediately improved”
 – a green flag from CNET’s iOS expert.
I’m hoping the new Siri will give iPhone owners like me the quality-of-life updates we deserve. I don’t need my phone to start acting like a chatbot. I do want it to better at 
understand my voice commands
 and 
use improved world knowledge
, two things that generative AI has gotten much better at over the past few years. So I’m unusually optimistic about Siri AI.
 Sep 8, 2026 8:23 PM ET 
Will the foldable iPhone carry over the Air's slim design?
Abrar Al-Heeti
Rumors suggest Apple could work the iPhone Air’s sleek design into a book-style foldable iPhone. 
Joseph Maldonado/CNET
Apple’s super-slim 
iPhone Air
 wasn’t a blockbuster when it debuted last year, but it still may be one of the company’s most important products. The 5.6mm thick handset could lay the groundwork for Apple’s highly anticipated foldable iPhone, which has speculatively been dubbed the iPhone Ultra. 
Samsung, for instance, debuted the skinny 
Galaxy S25 Edge
 last year before launching the also-slim 
Galaxy Z Fold 7
 a few months later. It’s possible that with the iPhone Air, Apple was flexing its hardware capabilities, which it could then – ahem – fold into the iPhone Ultra’s design.
“The first iPhone Air may eventually be viewed as a transitional step rather than a failed product category,” Rishi Padhi, research principal at Gartner, told me. “It proved that Apple could still make a thinner iPhone.”
You can read more about how the iPhone Air may hint at what we’ll get with Apple’s first foldable phone 
here
.
 Sep 8, 2026 5:00 PM ET 
iPhone 18 Pro and Ultra phone skins are already on sale
Mike Sorrentino
Dbrand
 may be providing the easiest way to get a peek at the iPhone Ultra, as the phone accessory company is already selling skins for the rumored foldable iPhone as well as the iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max. The iPhone Ultra skins skew closely to the various leaks we’ve been chasing about the 
iPhone 18 line
 over the last several months, featuring a wider design similar to what 
Samsung’s Galaxy Z Fold 8
.
We’ll officially find out on Wednesday what Apple’s presumed iPhone 18 Pro and Ultra phones look like, but until then, these skins may provide a pretty close idea of what to expect from the phones’ designs.
 Sep 8, 2026 3:40 PM ET 
US adults want a foldable iPhone, but cheaper
Dashia Milden
A mockup of what Apple’s first foldable iPhone might look like.
Jeffrey Hazelwood/CNET
Apple could reveal its first 
foldable iPhone
 on Wednesday. 
After years of rumors and patience, the iPhone Ultra or iPhone Fold is a highly anticipated addition to Apple’s iPhone lineup and could give other foldable phones like the 
Galaxy Z Fold 8 series
 and 
Pixel 11 Pro Fold
 some serious competition. 
Foldable phones are a niche tech product that may not be what everyone wants in an upgrade. Analysts expect standard and premium iPhone models to stick around, but CNET found some US adults are interested in a foldable iPhone. A 
recent CNET survey
 focused on consumer sentiment around Apple’s foldable phone shows that 1 in 4 US adults (25%) are interested in a foldable iPhone. 
But how much they’re willing to spend is vastly different from the estimated $2,000 the phone could cost. US adults are willing to spend $781 on average for a foldable iPhone. Comparatively, that’s $48 less than the base model 
iPhone 17
 and doesn’t seem likely given the phone’s expected features, 
RAM shortage
 and rumors of 
iPhone price hikes
. 
 Sep 8, 2026 1:10 PM ET 
iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max wish list
Patrick Holland
Apple went bold with its redesigned Pro models in 2025, and that was a nice change from the subdued shades of titanium on the iPhone 15 Pro and 16 Pro. For some, the iPhone 17 Pro’s design is too much, especially in a construction vest orange – great for Clemson fans. And while I think the 17 Pro looks dignified in dark blue, I want Apple to release a black iPhone 18 Pro – even if the only external change is the color. I truly love the two-tone Ceramic Shield panel on the back of the 17 Pro, and I could imagine Apple making a killer black and space gray model.
I would like Apple to add a pro mode in the Camera app, like some 
Android phones
. With 
iOS 27
 adding a 
Siri
 mode into the app, the lovable simplicity of the iPhone camera has felt like navigating a tiny furnished apartment. I can find everything just fine, but it just feels cluttered.
Apple increased the size of the battery on the 17 Pro, and it will be interesting to see how it powers the 18 Pro without the battery life taking a hit. Will Apple adopt 
silicon-carbon batteries
 that enable greater capacity without increasing physical size? The company’s iPhone line might sell in too many numbers for such a change, despite OnePlus, Motorola and Samsung launching phones this year using the technology.
My last wish is that the price remains the same. Even if Apple doesn’t adopt 
rumored price increases
, there is a world in which 
the cheapest new iPhone announced at its “Surprise and shine” event would cost $1,100
. And that’s a lot.
Mike Sorrentino
 Senior Editor 
Mike Sorrentino is a Senior Editor for Mobile, covering phones, texting apps and smartwatches -- obsessing about how we can make the most of them. Mike also keeps an eye out on the movie and toy industry, and outside of work enjoys biking and pizza making.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Mike 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 Apple iPhone 18 Pro Color Leak Claims Black Model Will Replace Silver This Year 
 Razer’s New $100 Game Controller Folds Right Up for Your Pocket 
Patrick Holland
 Director of Content 
As Director of Content, Hardware, I lead CNET's team of journalists and editors, covering news and testing on smartphones, laptops, wireless carriers, AI, and pretty much anything with a battery.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Patrick 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 Apple’s Foldable iPhone Ultra Could Launch Tomorrow, but Arrive Later 
 Google Now Makes Its Own AirTags and I Couldn’t Be More Stoked 
Dashia Milden
 Senior Consumer Insights Editor 
Dashia is the consumer insights editor for CNET. She specializes in data-driven analysis and news at the intersection of tech, personal finance and consumer sentiment. Dashia investigates economic shifts and everyday challenges to help readers make well-informed decisions, and she covers a range of topics, including technology, security, energy and money. Dashia graduated from the University of South Carolina with a bachelor's degree in journalism. She loves baking, teaching spinning and spending time with her family.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Dashia 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 People’s Picks: 4 Phone Brands Dominate, but 1 Reigns Supreme and It’s Not Apple 
 Automakers Want Congress to Ban Chinese-Made Cars, Citing Data Privacy 
Abrar Al-Heeti
 Senior Technology Reporter 
Abrar's interests include phones, streaming, autonomous vehicles, internet trends, entertainment, pop culture and digital accessibility. In addition to her current role, she's worked for CNET's video, culture and news teams. She graduated with bachelor's and master's degrees in journalism from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Though Illinois is home, she now loves San Francisco -- steep inclines and all.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Abrar 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 I Can’t Put the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Down. Can Apple’s Foldable Change That? 
 Tesla’s Cybercab Opened Up to Riders — and the Feds Opened an Investigation 
Katelyn Chedraoui
 Reporter 2 
Katelyn is a reporter with CNET covering artificial intelligence, including chatbots, image and video generators. Her work explores how new AI technology is infiltrating our lives, shaping the content we consume on social media and affecting the people behind the screens. She graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a degree in media and journalism. You can reach her at kchedraoui@cnet.com.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Katelyn 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 Meta’s New AI Agent Wants to Get Personal With You 
 Coding With OpenAI’s Codex Micro Keypad: The Vibes Are Bad 
Scott Stein
 Editor at Large 
I started with CNET reviewing laptops in 2009. Now I explore wearable tech, VR/AR, tablets, gaming and future/emerging trends in our changing world. Other obsessions include magic, immersive theater, puzzles, board games, cooking, improv and the New York Jets. My background includes an MFA in theater which I apply to thinking about immersive experiences of the future.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Scott 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 Apple’s AirPods Once Made Me a Meme 
 These Meta Glasses Alternatives Found a Way to Last Longer With Snap-On Batteries 
David Carnoy
 Executive Editor / Reviews 
Executive Editor David Carnoy has been a leading member of CNET's Reviews team since 2000. He covers the gamut of gadgets and is a notable reviewer of mobile accessories and portable audio products, including headphones and speakers. He's also an e-reader and e-publishing expert as well as the author of the novels Knife Music, The Big Exit and Lucidity. All the titles are available as Kindle, iBooks, Kobo e-books and audiobooks.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from David 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 Sony Surprises With New 1000XM4C 2nd Gen Headphones With Updated Sound, Bluetooth 6.0 
 Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 5 Earbuds Review: Next-Gen in Every Way 
Zachary McAuliffe
 Senior writer 
Zach began writing for CNET in November, 2021 after writing for a broadcast news station in his hometown, Cincinnati, for five years. You can usually find him hanging out with his wife, son and dog. You can reach him at zmcauliffe@cnet.com.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Zachary 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 DeleteMe vs. Incogni: Two of the Best Data Removal Services Go Head-to-Head 
 Hurry! You Only Have a Few Days Left to Play These Great Games on Xbox Game Pass 
Tyler Graham
 Writer 
Tyler is a writer for CNET covering laptops and video games. He's previously covered mobile devices, home energy products and broadband. He came to CNET straight out of college, where he graduated from Seton Hall with a bachelor's degree in journalism. When Tyler's not asking questions or doing research for his next assignment, you can find him in his home state of New Jersey, kicking back with a bagel and watching an action flick or playing a new video game.
You can reach him at tgraham@cnet.com.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Tyler 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 Orbitals Review: The Perfect Couples Co-op Game for the Switch 2 
 Lenovo Showcases Silent Ultraportable and Latest Rollable Laptop Concepts at IFA 2026 
Ajay Kumar
 Smart Home & Robotics Editor 
CNET's Smart Home & Robotics Editor covering robot vacs, home appliances, smart home, and yard & outdoors. Built CNET's lab-exclusive testing methodology and lab awards.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Ajay 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 The Top Tech Trends at IFA Berlin 2026 
 I Watched a Floor Washing Robot Mothership Deploy a Roomba Using a Mechnical Arm 
Nelson Aguilar
With more than a decade of experience, Nelson covers Apple and Google and writes about iPhone and Android features, privacy and security settings, and more.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Nelson 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 IFA Berlin 2026 Live: The Biggest Announcements From Samsung, Dyson, LG and More 
 Polaroid Put Pikachu on a $100 Camera Because Nostalgia Works 
Lori Grunin
 Senior Editor / Computers and Gaming Hardware 
I've been reviewing hardware and software, devising testing methodology and handing out buying advice for more than 25 years.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Lori 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 Judge Lets Musk Keep ‘Twitter’ for Now but Forces Him to Release the Bird 
 Nvidia RTX Spark Systems Approach the Starting Line 
Vanessa Hand Orellana
 Principal Writer 
Vanessa is a lead writer at CNET, reviewing and writing about the latest smartwatches and fitness trackers. She joined the brand first as an on-camera reporter for CNET's Spanish-language site, then moved on to the English side to host and produce some of CNET's videos and YouTube series. When she's not testing out the latest health tech, you can catch her on a hike or trail run with her family.
 See full bio 
 The Latest from Vanessa 
 Apple Event 2026 Live: The First Foldable iPhone, iPhone 18 Pro, Apple Watch 12 and More 
 An Apple Watch Ultra 4 Could Outshine the Series 12 This Year, but at What Price? 
 Apple’s Foldable iPhone Ultra Could Launch Tomorrow, but Arrive Later 
Mobile Guides
Phones
Best iPhone
Best Phone
Samsung Galaxy S24 Review
Best Samsung Galaxy Phone
iPhone 15 Pro/Pro Max Review
Best Galaxy S24 Deals
Best iPhone Deals
Best Android Phones
Pixel 8 Pro Review
Best iPhone 15 Deals
Foldable Phones
Best Foldable Phones
OnePlus Open Review
Galaxy Z Fold 5 Review
Headphones
Best Wireless Earbuds
Best Headphones
Best Wireless Earbuds and Headphones for Making Calls
Best Noise Canceling Wireless Earbuds
Best Cheap Wireless Earbuds
Best Noise Canceling Headphones
Best Over Ear Headphones
Best Headphones for Work at Home
Best Sounding Wireless Earbuds
Best Wireless Headphones
Smartwatches
Apple Watch Series 8 vs Series 7
Best Android Smartwatch
Best Smartwatch
Best Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Ultra Review
Wireless Plans
Best Prepaid Phone Plans
Best Unlimited Data Plans
Best Phone Plan Deals
Best Family Phone Plans
Best Verizon Plans
Best Cheap Phone Plans
Best Phone Plans
Best Senior Phone Plans
Best Travel Phone Plans
 US 
 France 
 Germany 
 Japan 
 Korea 
About CNET
Press Room
Newsletters
Licensing
Sitemap
Archives
Careers
Best Products
Best VPNs
Best VPN for Firestick
Best Mobile VPN
Best iPhone VPN
Best Live TV Streaming Services
Best Streaming Devices
Best TV Antennas
Best Phones
Best Cheap Phones
Best Camera Phones
Best iPhones
Best Android Phones
Best TVs
Best OLED TVs
Best Soundbars
Best Projectors
Best Bluetooth Speakers
Best Laptops
Best Gaming Laptops
Best Chromebooks
Best Monitors
Best External Hard Drives
Best Antivirus
Best Password Managers
Best WordPress Hosting
Best Web Hosting
Best Gaming Keyboards
Best Gaming Headsets
Best VR Headsets
Best Portable Generators
Best Electric Vehicle Chargers
Best Electric Cars
Best Hybrid Cars
Best Electric Bikes
Best Home Security Systems
Best Security Cameras
Best Video Doorbells
Best Smart Thermostats
Best Smart Locks
Best Smart Lights
Best Robot Vacuums
Best Air Purifiers
Best Coffee Makers
Best Dishwashers
Best Lawn Mowers
Best Outdoor Security Cameras
Best Grills
Best High-Yield Savings Accounts
Best Mortgage Lenders
Best Home Equity Loans
Best Tax Software
Best Mattresses
Best Pillows
Best Weighted Blankets
Best Sleep Trackers
Best White Noise Machines
Best Meal Kit Delivery Services
Best Protein Powders
Best Fitness Trackers
Best Standing Desks
Best Massage Guns
Best Electric Toothbrushes
Best Hair Dryers
Best Internet Providers
Best Mesh WiFi Systems
Best WiFi Routers
Best Fiber Internet Providers
Best Satellite Internet Providers
Best Security Cameras
Best Standing Desks
Best Password Managers
Popular Reviews
ExpressVPN Review
Surfshark VPN Review
NordVPN Review
PIA VPN Review
ProtonVPN Review
Tempurpedic Mattress Review
Saatva Classic Mattress Review
DreamCloud Mattress Review
Helix Mattress Review
Stearns & Foster Lux Estate Review
Avocado Green Mattress Review
Brooklyn Bedding Signature Review
Helix Sunset Luxe Review
Hostinger Review
Blue Apron Review
Thistle Meal Delivery Review
Hungryroot Review
ModifyHealth Review
Chase Savings Account Review
Verizon 5G Home Internet Review
T-Mobile 5G Home Internet Review
LG OLED C4 TV Review
Hisense U8N TV Review
TCL QM6K TV Review
Deals
VPN Deals
Streaming Service Deals
Galaxy S24 Deals
iPhone Deals
T-Mobile Deals
Phone Plan Deals
Google Pixel Deals
TV Deals
Cheap TV Deals
MacBook Deals
Laptop Deals
Xbox Game Pass Deals
Mattress Deals
Apple Watch Deals
Top Explainers
What Is Teflon Flu?
What Is Cellular Internet?
What is Apple Cider Vinegar?
How to Improve Cell Service?
What is 5G?
What are Eye Supplements?
Medicare 2025?
Soundbar vs Speakers?
Fun Alexa Commands
Nordvpn vs Expressvpn
AT&T vs Xfinity
OLED vs QLED
How to Increase Gmail Storage?
EVs vs Gas Cars?
Child Tax Credit?
Netflix Secret Menu
Events
Black Friday Cyber Monday
Apple WWDC
CES
Samsung Unpacked
Google I/O
World Mobile Congress
Apple Event
Popular Series
AI Atlas
Editor’s Choice
CNET Perspectives
Science
Culture
Software Downloads
Accessibility
Your Privacy Rights
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Withdraw Consent / Manage Privacy Preferences
 © 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 
Never Miss a Story
📢
Get all the latest tech news as it happens by allowing CNET push notifications.
No, Thanks
Allow
